Distributor RateGroups followup (#30)
MewsSystems/gitbook-distributor-guide: distributor-api-v1/operations.md

| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `PaymentCardStorageType` | string [PaymentCardStorageType](operations.md#paymentcardstoragetype) | required | Type of the payment card storage used by enterprise. |
| `IsMerchant` | boolean | required | Whether the gateway is processed through Mews Merchant or not. |

> | `SupportedCreditCardTypes` | string [CreditCardType](operations.md#creditcardtype) | required | Supported payment card, should be used to enhance UX. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SupportedCreditCardTypes` | array of [CreditCardType](operations.md#creditcardtype) | required | Supported payment cards, should be used to enhance UX. |
```

|  | Property | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `Id` | string | required | Unique identifier of the rate. |
| `SettlementType` | string [SettlementType](operations.md#settlementtype) | required | Determines if system will charge reservation cost automatically or if you'd like employees to manually process payments. |
| `SettlementAction` | string [SettlementAction](operations.md#settlementaction) | required | Determines how payment will be taken at time of automatic trigger. Valid if settlement is automatic only. |

> | `SettlementTrigger` | string [SettlementTrigger](operations.md#settlementtrigger) | required | Moment that amount is automatically charged, with offset applying to this time (for example, a 'Creation' trigger with no offset will charge the amount when items are created). If settlement is manual, a task will be created at this moment. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SettlementTrigger` | string [SettlementTrigger](operations.md#settlementtrigger) | required | Moment when amount is automatically charged, with offset applying to this time (for example, a 'Creation' trigger with no offset will charge the amount when items are created). If settlement is manual, a task will be created at this moment. |
```

> | `SettlementOffset` | string | required | Start of the interval in [ISO 8601 format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations) that gets added before or after selected settlement trigger (for example, '-1 day' will charge the amount 1 day before). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SettlementOffset` | string | required | Start of the interval in [ISO 8601 format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations) which gets added before or after selected settlement trigger (for example, '-1 day' will charge the amount 1 day before). |
```

> | `SettlementValue` | decimal | required | Percentage of the total extent cost that's charged automatically (for example, a `1.0` settlement value will charge the full cost of extent included below). Value is charged at the time of settlement trigger plus time difference from offset. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SettlementValue` | number | required | Percentage of the total extent cost which is charged automatically (for example, a `1.0` settlement value will charge the full cost of extent included below). Value is charged at the time of settlement trigger plus time difference from offset. |
```
